MIS 5460 - Business Analytics
=============================

A little over fifteen years ago I created a spreadsheet based modeling class at [Oakland University](http://oakland.edu). I teach it in a computer lab, it's super hands-on, and quite a bit of fun. A few years ago I was convinced to offer an online version of the course. While I was more than a little worried about how I'd pull that off, I decided to give it a try. In place of the myriad of interactive, hands-on, activities we do in the lab, I created over 100 video clips with supporting Excel files so that students could do those same things (albeit without the real time interaction) on their own. For a first attempt, it went just fine. What made it more interesting was that I was teaching a section of the lab based version at the same time. Much to my surprise, the performance of the classes was essentially identical. Another nice outcome was that there was a strong positive correlation between the number of video clips accessed and performance in the class for the online students. Since I had this opportunity for a natural experiment, I'm writing up these results for a teaching paper. As part of that effort and just because I've always wanted to find a way to better share the huge amount of material (videos, Excel files, VBA code) I've created for this course, I've created a publicly accessible version of the course web site. It used to be a Moodle site that was structured just like the real class site. Recently, I tired of running my own Moodle instance and decided to port the whole thing to a static website using Sphinx. It is NAMOOC (NOT a massively open online course) - it's simply a way of sharing content and course structure ideas. My courses have benefited greatly from the resources and knowledge shared by many in the teaching community. This is my way of giving back.
